Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Galaxy A50: Hey, yes.
Dr Jameson: Good. It takes a minute nowadays.
Galaxy A50: I only know
Galaxy A50: And I wish it could make some sort of it because sometimes I just get distracted and then all of a sudden like remember the first time you ever saw me. You actually met my laundry first
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's right.
Galaxy A50: So like I wish there was some sort of like ding dong. There she
Dr Jameson: Had there is a I actually have a way to set like an Enter time because that's exactly what happens is I go and I'm going to another screen signing notes and doing, you know, whatever. And I so I turned that on so I know what it's time to come back to check in on
Dr Jameson: Anyway, what's up, what's going on.
Galaxy A50: I'm a lot of things up, but I received a phone, which is findings in order after hearing
Galaxy A50: And my attorneys attorney would like you to read it.
Galaxy A50: Because there there's going to be an she's going to need another letter from you. Please.
Galaxy A50: Okay, and she wants to know exactly what to touch on. So the things that have transpired since the last time you wrote me one.
Galaxy A50: Rather than the Kona virus.
Galaxy A50: Was that we went to mediation.
Galaxy A50: Okay. And, like, the family, the family court services and the lady. She was like, first off, she said, this is the weirdest case I've ever ever had in my career. And I know she's been there for a while. I mean, we've seen her since the day we got divorced, which was a while ago.
Galaxy A50: He said, This is by far the weirdest situation that she's ever had. And she also said she knows almost nothing about what the judge is asking her to do.
Galaxy A50: Which was
Galaxy A50: Basically talked to Sean
Galaxy A50: And assess my own progress on her own, but using Sean as therapists, I guess hints background information, whatever. So she's gonna be the one making the final decision. I have a feeling
Dr Jameson: Who is Sorry Sean or the
Galaxy A50: No, no, no, this ad liana but I have a tiny feeling is that
Galaxy A50: So she's very hard to be, I guess the first time we ever went there and because my ex husband appears by phone, not even like this, but literally just over the phone.
Galaxy A50: I can see her facial expressions.
Galaxy A50: And he doesn't. So I could tell that she was extremely annoyed by him. This is the first time.
Galaxy A50: Because he kept lying and she wasn't like rolling her eyes, but she would like turn her head like a mover listening to this.
Galaxy A50: So then she has to of course escort us in and out. She's not just gonna, you know, so after she hung up with him. I got like another minute alone with her, sort of, as he walks me out.
Galaxy A50: Is she sort of like thinking out loud.
Galaxy A50: And but still kind of like half talking to me how thinking out loud. And she goes, I think I'm going to decide this way, and she tells me like this kind of a quick synopsis of what she's thinking of doing and it sounded like she was going to go my way
Galaxy A50: Then a year ago.
Galaxy A50: Okay, and would like she literally I never asked her work. In fact, I made sure not to speak because I wanted to make sure that she doesn't think I'm like trying to do something she
Galaxy A50: Has done
Galaxy A50: Which she herself was like, so I think I'm she's kind of like daydreaming, like I think I'm going to go this way. Yeah, that might be a good way to and then wrote a completely different setup so either she read something after the fact, which probably was the police report.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, or or something else. But she literally the way her report came out was like this.
Galaxy A50: Data saying this mom is saying this, but mom's backing it up by blah blah blah, and then like she doesn't say, I believe, mom, more, but she is saying like mom is more substantiated in the situation, yada, yada, yada.
Galaxy A50: In like several times, it says that, and then in the end, it says God focused. So this is completely unpredictable. I don't even know. And then
Galaxy A50: Last time
Galaxy A50: I did not appear nearly as well as the original time a year ago I had a, I don't know what it was. I was like, knocked myself.
Galaxy A50: And then I had an anxiety attack in the middle of everything. And I actually kind of stopped breathing for a second.
Galaxy A50: And I, I think she noticed but I kind of like I now know that I can kind of like look outside of myself and just be like, Dina, this is an anxiety attack just breathe. Just take a breath.
Galaxy A50: I used to not be able to do that. So I forced myself to breathe. But I know that she noticed it. So after we hung up with him and she again was walking me out. She kept complimenting me on how far I've come along with my anxiety. But now, anything she says I
Galaxy A50: I like
Dr Jameson: Is the opposite.
Galaxy A50: Then she was supposed to contact Sean and my attorney email Chon exactly like what would be not like what to say. But what subjects to touch on the name. He suggested that that we mention your, your medical director apparently he has a fantastic reputation in the substance abuse.
Galaxy A50: Community.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, you know, I, you know, resident of the American
Dr Jameson: Stuff, whatever it is. I'm Academy of exam, basically. So good.
Galaxy A50: Good, yeah. So the thing is my my my my judge just happens to be the main drug court judge
Galaxy A50: He if there's anything that he if anybody's to know anything about substance abuse. It's him.
Galaxy A50: But if anybody is to be a big
Galaxy A50: dick about it. It's also him.
Galaxy A50: And he kind of has that in his personality. I've
Dr Jameson: Noticed that
Galaxy A50: When, when he has a good day. He is a sweetie, but with like still kind of like a smirk when he has a bad day. He has no problems, telling you the most inappropriate you
Galaxy A50: Know, I guess what I'm trying to say is we want to be as prepared as possible.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I will send you the
Galaxy A50: Photo please look over it.
Okay.
Galaxy A50: I'm going to ask my attorney if she's ready for the letter, the thing is with the court does not open back up until May 26 at the earliest.
Galaxy A50: But we don't know that means they're going to start hearing cases right away or give us a moment to file because we've never filed anything yet.
Galaxy A50: Okay, and then one more thing. So you mentioned the pee test being kind of expensive.
Galaxy A50: For me to have like more access
Dr Jameson: To to do them on your own.
Galaxy A50: So my attorney would like every two weeks as possible as possible.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, we can also send you to the lab. I mean, you can go to the quest labs near you have insurance right
Galaxy A50: Oh, oh, oh, I'd get whichever yeah
Cuz
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, that's okay. I think
Dr Jameson: If they think that would be helpful.
Dr Jameson: Problem.
Galaxy A50: I'm trying to like go anywhere lavish just quite yet, but
Dr Jameson: Maybe in a minute. So what you're saying. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I don't know. I don't know. I can ask if there's like a, you know, I don't know, maybe we can. We've I mean we do bill for them. So I can ask
Dr Jameson: What the
Galaxy A50: And also, I feel like that because the last test. I took was over two weeks ago and I think I had it for like a week because I had my period for a minute. So I think I'm I might be due for another one. Anyway, if you want to send me one.
Dr Jameson: Okay. They Amy asked
Dr Jameson: For
Dr Jameson: And I didn't say your name requesting
Dr Jameson: Bi weekly
Dr Jameson: Know,
Dr Jameson: I mean, they do sell them. I look. Actually, I don't know if it's you or somebody else but I looked it up.
Dr Jameson: For some reason, and you can buy the little cups on Amazon. There
Galaxy A50: I I have done that. Is there enough. I used to have those. Okay.
Dr Jameson: I don't know. I mean, I don't know if it will consider
Dr Jameson: I'll add that she's like, it has to be one that well actually for you. It doesn't normally we want it to include the buprenorphine level which the standard one wouldn't, but you're not on that so
Galaxy A50: Will you
Galaxy A50: The one that you sent me originally
Galaxy A50: Was the same exact one that I received
Galaxy A50: Prior to so boiling your, so to speak, because I wanted to make sure that the park was out of my system. So I wouldn't waste to test
Galaxy A50: Yeah, so I bought my own
Galaxy A50: If that's if that's fine. And I will open it in front of the front, front desk people, but I have I have purchased those
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, let me ask him. I don't know on camera.
Dr Jameson: Because yeah and then they're less if the ones that that test for the Suboxone or more expensive, but you don't even need those. So
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, we'll find out. Um,
Dr Jameson: And then, yeah, so you do do, are you emailing the letter.
Galaxy A50: Yes, that was gonna be my next question, but also I wanted to ask you something else. So I am I'm living in this House and it went from like, I know you're not in Cali but we've had, like, the wettest winter and all of a sudden we got like the hottest summer like we never have spring. Yep.
Dr Jameson: Uh huh.
Galaxy A50: And I am dying. Is this, is this somehow look to the related
Dr Jameson: Oh, I'm
Dr Jameson: You're having like sweats and stuff. Is that what you mean.
Galaxy A50: Yes, but I feel I like my my thing, like the heat is causing me a certain amount of anxiety, which I've never not like an anxiety. Like, like my body is just not right.
Dr Jameson: Or use your are you perspiring and I have had. I have seen not this drug, but I had somebody takes him Bolton, and made them sweat like crazy.
Galaxy A50: Oh, not so much that I do have kind of a heat sensitivity when I'm really hot my face like I get like this red guilty.
Galaxy A50: And then
Galaxy A50: In between, like, my lower deck take kind of like almost to cleave it turns really read right here. I've been like a crimson red. My face is so read. So I'm thinking it's the heat, but I just wanted to make sure. And I'm thirsty is Mary mentioned that that's normal.
Dr Jameson: Well, if you're hot also
Galaxy A50: More I buy these
Dr Jameson: Oh, wow. Um, I don't see anything about he intolerance.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Galaxy A50: So it just must be than
Galaxy A50: Even to the neighborhood.
Dr Jameson: Maybe
Dr Jameson: Can you get a fan or something.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, yeah. It's almost like beyond fam. I don't know how to explain it it's it's like it like interests me. It's inside me.
Dr Jameson: And then, how old are you,
Galaxy A50: I'm 42 okay yeah that was gonna be my
Dr Jameson: Oh, I don't have to think. But, but here that's still pretty young.
Galaxy A50: So you've been member, how in the airplane. It all started because
Galaxy A50: I all of a sudden
Galaxy A50: What. So what happened at that time was, it wasn't really my period of time, but it could be, you know, it wasn't that off from the time that my period was supposed to happen.
Galaxy A50: But the amount of blood was ridiculous. It scared the crap out of me, but your cost an entire commotion.
Galaxy A50: Right, right. And, and I only bled for two days.
Hmm.
Galaxy A50: So all of a sudden I had the same thing on Saturday on Friday would have been on Friday, my period would have been
Galaxy A50: About 10 days late. It was last Friday, all of a sudden I started bleeding and
Galaxy A50: Jennifer I bled so much that at one point and I share my restroom. So I can just stay there. At one point I seriously stood in my room over a trash can.
Galaxy A50: I did not like it just kept going. I bled for a day and a half I fucked up everything in my room and then it stopped. So I'm thinking it happened again.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, but
Dr Jameson: Have you been to college.
Galaxy A50: I know you know I'm ready right now but
Galaxy A50: Since last summer.
Galaxy A50: Because I would have been due for an exam, but
Galaxy A50: I just, I don't. That might also be causing me some sort of
Dr Jameson: Something there might, it might be a hormone imbalance, but there's also
Dr Jameson: You know, sometimes they can either put in a marina or do an ablation, or like do something to make this bleeding things that by I don't know the hormones is about, well, sometimes we put people on the pill to set to regulate things to
Galaxy A50: Show Marina kind of screwed up my uterus, a while ago.
Galaxy A50: And I already had an ablation.
Galaxy A50: I'm really and also you know how I was trying to freeze my eggs right. Did I
Dr Jameson: Tell you, though, but
Galaxy A50: Okay, so they didn't get the first time I did it. They said the eggs were. They were barely any they didn't even seem as bad quality. It's just I got like four. Okay. And so I was going to do it again. And I'm not going to do it again. So I'm kind of getting a little bit depressed over that.
Galaxy A50: So,
Dr Jameson: Well, that's a lot. There's a lot of different layers. I don't know. I'm not a gynecologist I think sometimes people get a second scraping or ablation. Again, like maybe there's a spot that needs to be retreated, but that's where the gynecologist welcome. I don't know.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, no, I'm just telling
Galaxy A50: You everything happening with me. I know that the heat and the bleeding is is making me a little more anxious
Dr Jameson: Well, I
Galaxy A50: Am at it and basically
Bleeding
Galaxy A50: You know it's stopped and
Galaxy A50: Thank goodness right again.
Dr Jameson: Because your luck. I mean, because if it kept like that. That's you would have probably end up in the ER or something. You can't believe
Dr Jameson: That for
Dr Jameson: Well, I can
Galaxy A50: Tell when my when my blood pressure goes down and it didn't.
Galaxy A50: I just kept hydrating or I would have
Dr Jameson: Gone. Maybe that's part of why you're thirsty to
Dr Jameson: Your reef. You're very
Galaxy A50: Plentiful rehydrating from them maybe
Dr Jameson: Yeah, cuz you're probably, you know, and you need probably iron to
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I don't see anything written in the side effects about heat intolerance or sweating or flushing or thirsty. So I don't know if it's just coincidence.
Dr Jameson: I i do you know echo the sentiment, whether it was, you know, some sort of ploy or not, but I think you're doing great with your
Dr Jameson: Anxiety, too. I mean, I think you're definitely making there's a wait. There's a difference between how you were when we first met you and how you are now and how you handle
Dr Jameson: Adversity I think so. I
Dr Jameson: I hopefully I'm going to take it at face value that she saw you controlling yourself and that that's a good thing. You know, like you
Galaxy A50: Mentioned, she's like oh you handled it so much better.
Galaxy A50: I just don't trust her because I
Dr Jameson: Was
Galaxy A50: Just talking to
Dr Jameson: That's fair enough. I get it. And you're right, like, you know, it seems, encouraging, but you know we only we only know it's like the, you know, part of the story, I'm sure. But yeah, I'm happy to write another letter I.
Dr Jameson: I also thought it was an unusual wreck recommendation or requirements. So I'm glad to hear that she thought it was weird, too, because I'm like I don't, I don't really understand this, but
Dr Jameson: Hey. Anyway, I think you're making. I think you know it's been a positive I hope on your, from your perspective, too, but I feel like, from my perspective, it seems like you've been able to at least help in some ways. Anyway, so
Dr Jameson: Um, anyway. Um, so yeah, just for the just like last time, I think you emailed it to Jamie and then she forward it to me and I said,
Galaxy A50: email it to Jamie. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and then. So the initial question is what is my recommendation on what we should focus on. Is that what you're
Galaxy A50: Well, this same exact letters last time, but take the points that are emphasized in the phone.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'll read through it and. Okay. Okay.
Dr Jameson: With anybody jack
Dr Jameson: On my last letter. By the way, I never really
Galaxy A50: They really liked it. They really really liked it enough for it. There's that's why their specific things because the judge was like, I want to know how often she tests, for example, that was one of them. I want to know what she's doing like in terms of in Lucas, I, I was saying, by then I
Galaxy A50: Already had quick part by the time we we went to court and he said, then I want to know what she's doing in lieu of part. So let's do that would be like, things like that, but
Galaxy A50: Everything that
Dr Jameson: That's well and breathing exercises and I mean there's a lot of things people can do that doesn't have to be on medication anyway but
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well I know
Galaxy A50: Probably
Dr Jameson: By that so much. Probably so. Anyway, I will certainly mentioned the lead to that that's what
Galaxy A50: I did right i did confirm it in court that I've been doing meditation, of course.
Galaxy A50: Then I did.
Galaxy A50: Back then, I was literally going to eat meetings. So I brought my little like DUI sign card. Have you seen those it's like you put down the date.
Galaxy A50: When to meeting you attended and who was the secretary of that.
Galaxy A50: Meeting. Now I just do in the rooms.
Galaxy A50: But I don't turn my face on down, see that there's a screen.
Galaxy A50: Like this. When you turn your face on the call on you and I don't want to be like
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: So that's what I've been doing
Galaxy A50: Good, so I can see others but they can't see me okay
Dr Jameson: Yeah, however you're comfortable. That's fine. Okay, well I'll watch for the letter, whatever it is, and then
Dr Jameson: hopefully there'll be some resolution here.
Dr Jameson: And I take time, but
Galaxy A50: My son is so miserable over there but you know there's nothing he can do. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: He doesn't even know necessarily that he's miserable. I just did the things that he says, I'm like, oh god, you poor baby.
Galaxy A50: Hey, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, I guess that's good. Then if he doesn't realize
Dr Jameson: Maybe looking back on it, he'll anyway.
Dr Jameson: You know, things would be crazy. Now, wherever he was with all the quarantining anyway. So I guess. And I guess season they haven't had any more earthquakes or anything.
Galaxy A50: everything turned out okay one. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: No worries.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, well, I have another patient. Now your phone is buzzing so
Dr Jameson: We will have to send our cups to the patient. I will get with john and confirm, who's the patient. Okay. Do you know this is our internal
Galaxy A50: Okay, we'll just I'll, I'll see. I'll see how much the cups are and how many on Amazon. Yeah I easily can purchase this
Dr Jameson: Well, he saying that it sounds like for us to like certify or whatever the test. It has to be the ones that we send to you so
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So, don't, don't bother buying anything at least until unless
Dr Jameson: Okay, I don't think that's gonna be helpful. So, all right, well, it's good to see you. So listen, I, I don't think we're allowed by the insurance people to have more than one group.
Dr Jameson: Like appointment per day. I know you usually come to group tonight. Yeah. So if you want to discuss group tonight I'll, I'll let them know your excuse because he had another appointment with me today. We
Galaxy A50: Yeah, that's fine.
Dr Jameson: At planning a chance to chat so
Galaxy A50: You got it.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: We'll see you next weekend. Next week, then I
Galaxy A50: Right.
Galaxy A50: All right.
Galaxy A50: Okay, thank you so much, Dr. James
Dr Jameson: You too.
Bye.
Mary’s iPhone: Hello.
Dr Jameson: Hi, my name is Hector Jamison
Dr Jameson: It came in faster than I thought it was saying, it was still connecting that's
Dr Jameson: Why I was sitting here in silence.
Dr Jameson: So, Mr dials right
Mary’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: All right. Okay. Um, if you could just confirm your birthday. Awesome.
Mary’s iPhone: It's oh 129 84
Dr Jameson: You know, highlight, I believe, right.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: And they explained to you know that we're recording these so because they make a transcript. Out of all of our visits like keep a record of what was said that sort of thing. Are you comfortable with that you give your
Dr Jameson: Your sent. In other words, okay.
Dr Jameson: Yes. All right. So are you are you switching to us from a different program or you're starting treatment kind of from the beginning.
Mary’s iPhone: I'm really
Mary’s iPhone: switching from another program.
Dr Jameson: It's been
Mary’s iPhone: Hard for me to get into another
Dr Jameson: That's fine. I'm asking because I just don't need to go from like the very beginning on how Suboxone works, and I'll you know like it just, it just a little bit of a different conversation from my side. So that's why I like to sort of know at the beginning what where we're at. Exactly.
Mary’s iPhone: We're on almost all of it.
Mary’s iPhone: Taking maybe two milligrams a day at the most.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay, I tried to try to just take a half a one, if I can.
Mary’s iPhone: Sometimes I have to
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, I've been doing with a lot
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think, um,
Dr Jameson: Well, first of all, tapering the closer you get to zero, the harder it gets so so that's that's that's definitely
Dr Jameson: A common experience. But second of all, like, sort of the determination that that is even the goal. I don't know. You know, sometimes we meet people at just a very low dose, just because it just kind of an insurance policy.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, it's an individual thing, but okay. So you've been, how long have you been taking Suboxone
Mary’s iPhone: Since
Mary’s iPhone: November of last year.
Dr Jameson: 19 so just five or six months. Yes, that's a short time actually okay I'm relatively maybe it seems like one day and then where is this the only time you've been taken, you've taken it in your life, or have you taken it. Other times, too.
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, this is really like the first time that I've been serious on it. I mean, I was at 16 milligrams in the beginning.
Mary’s iPhone: Mm hmm. Now I'm all the way down to basically one milligram. It just depends on how much I do in a day.
Mary’s iPhone: Because I mean, I've had heart problems I've had all kinds of issues with me and
Dr Jameson: Do you have pain to that I see somewhere.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, I, I have like full body aches, all the time.
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, I tried to
Mary’s iPhone: Do it. It's just I think it's just as soon as I get into my own place. I think it would be a lot easier for me to just adjust
Mary’s iPhone: Instead of constantly dealing with the chaos over and over again.
Dr Jameson: They also difficult especially okay well let's back up for a few minutes. I'm just going to ask some basic things like are you allergic to any medications that you know about any allergies.
Mary’s iPhone: No, and that's it. I know. OK.
Dr Jameson: And then so you take Suboxone now.
Dr Jameson: There are the films or tablets.
Dr Jameson: And use the 10 milligram any take a half, you said usually
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, I've been using been taken like really like two grams a day. Typically, I've been taken.
Mary’s iPhone: Away one milligram morning and
Mary’s iPhone: One in the evening.
Mary’s iPhone: About a 12 hour
Dr Jameson: Maybe
Mary’s iPhone: 10 to 12 hours.
Mary’s iPhone: But I mean, some days I can get through a day and be okay with just one, but it's like
Mary’s iPhone: Just start focusing on other things. It's like my mind starts going to other places and
Dr Jameson: Well, so it sounds like you are discovered what I think is, is a commonly overlooked.
Dr Jameson: Component. I guess to this whole problem, which is that there's a medication, physical withdrawal, you know,
Dr Jameson: You know, the physical body symptom piece and then there's a whole lot of mindset and coping coping skills or lack thereof and the, you know, dealing with life.
Dr Jameson: In a different way.
Mary’s iPhone: Like my enters. I'm sorry to cut you off.
Dr Jameson: Really just
Mary’s iPhone: My, my household area that's really kind of just making me
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, so I think is as long as I was able to just
Mary’s iPhone: Stay on for maybe a few more weeks. I mean, I would really like to try to win off within the next month. And that's really what I want to do.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And that's, you know, I always applied that
Dr Jameson: That desire i mean i think it's it's it's great looking for, you know, cure or you know resolution, as opposed to just a temporary status here so we'll come back to it. I think, I think there's, there are also some
Dr Jameson: There are some concerns or risks that needs to be, you know, at least considered and you know the the entire equation should before we make before final decisions are made on that will come back to it, but
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: I understand what you mean coated duly noted that that's your goal. And I think that's
Dr Jameson: I think that's very good. I mean, that's a good goal to have
Dr Jameson: So do you take
Mary’s iPhone: A WALK modest isn't perfect anybody else. I understand.
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm just thinking of it.
Dr Jameson: For yours. I mean, for me, I'm focused on you and your long term sobriety and recovery and
Dr Jameson: I'm all for tapering. I think this is a pretty short timeframe relative to you know how people do and
Dr Jameson: To be frank, the it's the biggest concern is that the the statistics like when they look in studies of how many you know who takes it for how long. And what happens after they stop taking Suboxone
Dr Jameson: It's not very encouraging about you know how people end up end up doing at the end. You know, when they stopped Suboxone so
Mary’s iPhone: That's what I keep wearing a bonds.
Dr Jameson: Yeah so i i i 100% applied and and I'm happy that that's your goal, and I will always support it. But I also want to make sure that you're safe.
Dr Jameson: You know, first return to use after a period of sobriety can be fatal. There's very high rates of fatal overdose in that setting because he was tolerance and you know the dope has changed in the interim potentially
Mary’s iPhone: So it's not something to be. It's not something. It's not a decision if we're not going to make a decision about it today anyway.
Dr Jameson: I encourage like extensive individual counseling and lots of discussion and conversation and sort of testing.
Dr Jameson: What happens if this, you know, going through scenarios in your mind, making sure we have a very good support system and backup and trip, you know, double backup plans and
Dr Jameson: You know, all that kind of thing before we decide to, you know, really actually pull the shopping it you know i just i would
Dr Jameson: I would encourage you not
Dr Jameson: To be in a giant rush about it. And I'm not saying that because I get paid to see you and prescribe the medication.
Dr Jameson: It's funny that I hear myself even saying this because when I first learned about the medication started treating I was always like, why are people taking it for so long, or we're not making any progress and as I've done it longer and seeing, seeing how people do. I've become much less
Dr Jameson: cavalier about having people taper off. I guess just because
Dr Jameson: There are people that do it successfully and it can be done for sure if it's what you want. It will be done. I'm sure but I just want I just encourage you to be, be patient and deliberate and
Dr Jameson: You know, be careful about about it. And, you know, get the get the input from the experts and the counselors and the you know the
Dr Jameson: The people you're working with through your through your recovery and treatment to make sure that everyone is feeling confident on your behalf to not just you know what I'm saying.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: So anyway, so we'll come back to it.
Dr Jameson: I think it's great. You've, you've tapered a lot in a short period of time. So obviously you have a lot of determination and that's a really good thing. That's a really good thing.
Dr Jameson: Do you take any other prescription medications human part
Is
Mary’s iPhone: Taking and
Presto.
Mary’s iPhone: Retirement I and I take a tour semi
Mary’s iPhone: Iraq soy.
Dr Jameson: Right. Hold on one second. Sorry, the stupid.
Dr Jameson: Computers right fighting with me.
Dr Jameson: Cleanliness
Dr Jameson: All together.
Dr Jameson: Okay, sorry. So tour. So what was the first one you said impressed, though.
Mary’s iPhone: In Chester like
Dr Jameson: He, he, and
Mary’s iPhone: I kind of like spelled like
Dr Jameson: Interesting. I've heard of it. I just can't remember what it's for anyone has happened.
Mary’s iPhone: With the doctor right now just
Mary’s iPhone: Sorry, my mom's we're
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay. So it's a blood pressure.
Dr Jameson: It's a combination of two different things. I guess.
Dr Jameson: Do part. Do you have heart valve problems.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, I have congestive heart failure.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And did you have you had an operation. Are they planning to you.
Mary’s iPhone: Know, I've had off relations. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Did they, what did they do.
Mary’s iPhone: They had I got a pacemaker.
Mary’s iPhone: I have
Mary’s iPhone: Then replace my order vow.
Dr Jameson: Uh huh. Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Um, I think I might have like some tissue stamp maybe
Mary’s iPhone: I've had three
Dr Jameson: Okay. Okay. All right. Um, do you happen to it's okay if you don't, but there's three different doses of interest. Oh, one is 24 slash 26 one is 49 one
Mary’s iPhone: That's my 24 deaths.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and you take that once or twice a day.
Mary’s iPhone: Twice a day.
Dr Jameson: All right. And then, sorry, bear with me. Sorry, so slow. I want to make sure to get in here, right. I don't want to leave it to the transcriptionist okay you said, leave a favor. I skipped one but you said, leave. Okay. Roxanne
Dr Jameson: Do you know your dose on that it's okay if you don't
Mary’s iPhone: Leave with rocks or, yeah. Leave it there oxen Iraq.
Dr Jameson: Is it for your thyroid
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, thyroid is. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Love oxo or even
Mary’s iPhone: five milligrams or 25 maybe
Dr Jameson: It could be 25 it's micro
Mary’s iPhone: It's 50
Dr Jameson: micrograms. Okay.
Good.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and that's
Dr Jameson: That's once a day, I bet. Right.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay. And then what was the other one you said in between there.
Mary’s iPhone: My stomach mess. It's a mess Rizal
Dr Jameson: Okay listen there another one after interest or use the Taurus Taurus in mind.
Mary’s iPhone: Course in mind. Yes, which is
Dr Jameson: A lot of
Dr Jameson: Uh huh.
Mary’s iPhone: So I take interest to towards them. I will jump into taking like one water pill.
Mary’s iPhone: Maybe to a day.
Dr Jameson: Is that five or 10 or 20 or
Mary’s iPhone: 21
Dr Jameson: You take one a day okay because that cut back then.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, I was taking like 80 milligrams a day.
Dr Jameson: So that's progress.
Dr Jameson: All right, and then you just sit on map rezaei 20 or 40
Mary’s iPhone: Um, first of all,
Dr Jameson: If you don't know. That's okay.
Mary’s iPhone: I'm 40 sorry
Dr Jameson: That's okay once or twice a day.
Um,
Mary’s iPhone: Once, but sometimes I have to take its place, and
Dr Jameson: Anything else there's a box on
Mary’s iPhone: Potassium AZ take the time
Dr Jameson: Because of the water pill.
Mary’s iPhone: Oh my. Oh.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, because of the mechanical valve. So you have a blood thinner. Okay, I think. Unless, did you have a
Mary’s iPhone: Of. It's not a chemical valve.
Mary’s iPhone: It's actually
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah. Did they do a marijuana or a pic one
Mary’s iPhone: I've truly think of the pig one
Dr Jameson: The metal ones. You have to be on blood thinners because they definitely form clots, the pig. Yeah, not so much.
Dr Jameson: But maybe then you have this event. Do you have a stent you think
Mary’s iPhone: I'm not sure but I think I had
Dr Jameson: Did you have blockages like
Mary’s iPhone: I had some blockages, but I don't know if they got it out or they had
Mary’s iPhone: A tissue Stan and I can't remember. Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's all right. Do you know if your eloquent is 2.5 or five, it doesn't
Mary’s iPhone: Really matters what
Dr Jameson: matters to you, but for our purposes, which doesn't really matter.
Dr Jameson: And then any other aspirin or you're not on where you ever on Coumadin warfarin. At one point, maybe
No.
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, they might have had, you know, 2 million or so on that one time, but I don't think
Dr Jameson: About anything for cholesterol.
Mary’s iPhone: Cholesterol. No.
No.
Mary’s iPhone: No, no.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right, so we take a look. Listen, if you think of any other son. Okay. But that's a pretty a pretty good lesson. You remember them out, which is more than many
Mary’s iPhone: I was actually taking way more than that with that's
Mary’s iPhone: That's just after
Dr Jameson: I like yeah
Mary’s iPhone: I gave up on the doctors to try
Mary’s iPhone: This try this, try that.
Mary’s iPhone: Oh, because I felt like I was just being an elaborate
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, I mean, I don't know.
Dr Jameson: What else were you being treated for
Dr Jameson: Or is it all from the heart. Doctor, so
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: I don't know. I mean, I just
Mary’s iPhone: It's just, I've been struggling to understand things because of the household that I live in
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: So it's like I've been trying to just
Dr Jameson: Yeah okay well so you had your. When did you have your surgery.
Mary’s iPhone: On the last one. Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that's been that's been fixed a while. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yes.
Mary’s iPhone: And then 1770
Mary’s iPhone: Okay, where's my surgery.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but that okay so
Dr Jameson: I don't need to tell you before the surgery and after the surgery when they get things working better. Again, a lot of times you can get off the medication because
Dr Jameson: And I guess I guess I'm
Dr Jameson: The science, the scientist in the medicine, medical field like we depth. We definitely do like, you know, try this. Make sure it's okay, try that, you know, or you know sometimes we have to
Dr Jameson: I guess that comes more naturally to us and from your perspective, you're like, You don't seem like you know what you're doing.
Dr Jameson: But, you know, the sad truth even though people don't like it, to hear it. Sometimes you know every person's body is different. And so what works in one person doesn't always
Dr Jameson: You know, does terrible things to somebody else, but you can't always know that until you there are some things we should be able to predict, hopefully, lots of things, but every so often just weird things happen when you put somebody on on a regular, normal medication. So
Dr Jameson: Anyway, I'm still i can i can tell that's been disconcerting for you, maybe
Mary’s iPhone: Mean I just, I've been through all yeah
Dr Jameson: Sounds like it.
Mary’s iPhone: Would traumatize
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: I was gonna throw in my own house you
Dr Jameson: What
Dr Jameson: You went through. I'm going to get to that, but I just want to try to get you, you had the infection in your heart valves. Is that right,
Mary’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: I don't want to assume anything but I
Dr Jameson: That's what I figured. Okay so history.
Mary’s iPhone: Of sub acute bacterial
Dr Jameson: endocarditis that as opposed to a Nordic cell replacement
Dr Jameson: Maybe they are there was a whole or something that they want. They patched with sometimes people are born with an opening between the two sides of their heart. Does that sound.
Dr Jameson: No.
Mary’s iPhone: I don't, I don't
Mary’s iPhone: Have my chest open for a while, I guess.
Mary’s iPhone: Like this big plastic case over
Oh,
Dr Jameson: Well, so sometimes there's inflammation and swelling and you can't, if you if you try to close it up right away, things get squished so much that they don't get blood flow. So sometimes you have to leave.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, there's like a certain tense sort of thing that they use to kind of keep it clear of infection and in closed, but let the swelling kind of gradually or if your heart was enlarged and it was going to get smaller. I don't know, but
Dr Jameson: I'm not a heart surgeon. So I only know so much about that stuff.
Dr Jameson: Um, okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Tommy. Tommy has it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, as long as it's okay with you. It's fine with me.
Dr Jameson: If your privacy.
Dr Jameson: And then do you have like an altar or something you just get heartburn.
Mary’s iPhone: No, I hadn't also at one time. Okay, but it's like I get heartburn. And so it just depends on when I eat instead
Mary’s iPhone: Okay, like that.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: I just got my mom around the corner. I can still talk. She's wearing her parking lot.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, well, I don't know if you want to turn the camera off. So you're not distracted by it. I don't mind talking to you while you're driving, but I don't. And I don't want
Mary’s iPhone: To drive right around a building. It's I'm okay. Okay.
Dr Jameson: I don't want to be a front row.
Dr Jameson: Witness any kind of
Dr Jameson: Or we can just wait a second, so
Dr Jameson: You get where you going
Dr Jameson: Hi.
Dr Jameson: Nice.
Mary’s iPhone: I'm not watching
Okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm okay. And then, um,
Dr Jameson: Have you had any hepatitis.
Dr Jameson: No, I don't think so.
Okay.
Are there.
Dr Jameson: Any hepatitis. I didn't hear what you said. If you answer me.
Dr Jameson: Know, okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay, I have one time, I guess. And I guess.
Dr Jameson: Maybe. Oh, maybe it is worse on this side of the building, did it. Some people get the hepatitis A virus within their body. We call it clears it like you have the antibody, but we can't find any sign that the virus is still active in there. Does that
Dr Jameson: Sound like maybe what they told you
Mary’s iPhone: Active anybody or whatever.
Dr Jameson: Was it hepatitis C.
Mary’s iPhone: Fine. Yeah, that's what I was told.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay, they can't find no trace
Dr Jameson: And you didn't need to take any medicine or anything.
Dr Jameson: No good. Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: They couldn't find no trace of it anymore.
Dr Jameson: So, great, good, good.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm okay so that's not any other operation decides on your heart.
Mary’s iPhone: I'm
Mary’s iPhone: Just my stomach ache. When I had to also they had to
Mary’s iPhone: I guess I form some kind of cancers.
Mary’s iPhone: They had no, he said, you're in can close your intestines all
Dr Jameson: About sure it was bleeding.
Mary’s iPhone: He told me that the resist cancer cells or whatever that were tearing my stomach up and he had to clean it out and he basically state board at all.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay, yeah, miss the boat all banged up. We didn't open back up my staples.
Dr Jameson: Have been quite a significant also then that's not that common anymore that they have to actually operate.
Mary’s iPhone: And then it didn't open back up so they had to cut your intestines and move it to a different body body.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so you had quite more than one abdominal surgery about that then
Mary’s iPhone: For
Mary’s iPhone: Me.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so it sounds like they made it too narrow and then they had to open it back up or something like that.
Mary’s iPhone: It was supposed to open back up by itself and it
Dr Jameson: Didn't it and it's
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: To have it reopened and reattached and
Got it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, how old are you, and all that happen.
Dr Jameson: 3030 nearly 36. My goodness. I've been a lot a lot to deal with.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then, um,
Dr Jameson: Let's see. Are you working or on disability or what's the situation, these days.
Mary’s iPhone: I'm on disability. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Because of the heart failure.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes. Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Where you guys are harder.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Were you working before. What kind of, I mean, what kind of work in general, were you doing
Mary’s iPhone: Was a painter.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: I actually
Dr Jameson: Say that one more time, you would
Mary’s iPhone: Be having memes like
Dr Jameson: Oh, like construction renovation type stuff. Yes, yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well that's pretty physical work so hard when you're breathing is labored, I suppose.
Dr Jameson: OK, and then how much school did you finish.
Mary’s iPhone: The abundance grade.
Mary’s iPhone: I
Mary’s iPhone: Thought I had received my GED. When I was in London and then that was incarcerated, I guess. And when I was incarcerated, they
Mary’s iPhone: I guess they can't find my god
Mary’s iPhone: I hope I was
Mary’s iPhone: They said, same and said that I can retake it and I never went back to retake it
Dr Jameson: You are incarcerated in London.
Mary’s iPhone: Ohio.
Oh,
Dr Jameson: Like, wow, I'm sorry. Silly question. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So that's why you. That's why you left school because you were
Dr Jameson: Displaced
Mary’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but you you
Dr Jameson: Did all the stuff to do a GED. There's just a missing papers missing.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: That certificate misplaced. Okay, bye. Not you, bye, bye, bye, the jail.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, ever. Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Pre test.
Mary’s iPhone: I passed the test.
Mary’s iPhone: I took the regular tests and I know I did better than the pre test.
Mary’s iPhone: And they never had the results.
Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: I got out right before I took the test right before I had everything
Dr Jameson: I see. Okay, so it's a bad timing situation. All right, well, maybe someday. When you're sitting around the side to try it again.
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then, so you're currently living with with who I know you've mentioned, it's not the best.
Dr Jameson: My parents. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And are you getting your own place soon.
Mary’s iPhone: Something you said yes. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, they're like,
Mary’s iPhone: Gladly this month.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: This month
Dr Jameson: And is it like a for sure thing or you're still, you're on a waitlist or
Mary’s iPhone: Um,
Mary’s iPhone: I just, I was bidding on my binary or whatever, I guess we're supposed to be getting some kind of
Dr Jameson: checkers writing. I was just going to
Mary’s iPhone: Get a place for that.
Dr Jameson: I got it. Okay. All right.
Dr Jameson: But you don't have like a specific date or something that you're moving yet.
Mary’s iPhone: No.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
All right.
Dr Jameson: Do you smoke cigarettes.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes.
Mary’s iPhone: Sir, I'm
Dr Jameson: Good. How
Dr Jameson: Are you
Mary’s iPhone: I'm done probably maybe four or five today.
Dr Jameson: Oh wow, that's a lot less
Dr Jameson: Good.
Dr Jameson: Good, good, good. Okay. And then how about alcohol has that been a
Dr Jameson: Problem or in the past or
Dr Jameson: Do you think now.
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, I never really had like an alcohol problem. When I was younger I did drink a little bit, you know,
Mary’s iPhone: It was this maybe a social thing.
Mary’s iPhone: And then
Dr Jameson: Now do you drink occasionally now or not at all or
Mary’s iPhone: No, not at all. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but it was never something that was a problem for you.
Mary’s iPhone: Know, okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and how long. Let's see.
Dr Jameson: I guess. Tell me about your opiate
Dr Jameson: Journey I've did it start, how old were you when you started and
Mary’s iPhone: I don't remember the first time I really received
Mary’s iPhone: Payments, but I just remember getting prescribed by didn't from a dentist. Mm hmm. And
Mary’s iPhone: That had probably started in
Mary’s iPhone: 2007
Mary’s iPhone: Continued
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that was the beginning and then did you continue to get prescriptions are you started buying it or what, how did it go
Mary’s iPhone: No, I
Mary’s iPhone: I had
Mary’s iPhone: Phenomenal doctor that was given me always delay perky sets for 13 hours the tannins oxy A's.
Dr Jameson: Okay, was it kind of a pill mill kind of a place
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then that person got shut down.
Dr Jameson: Have you ever been shut down. So what. So what happened.
Mary’s iPhone: I just stopped going
Dr Jameson: And started
Dr Jameson: Did you go straight from that to Suboxone or you were injecting at some point. No.
Mary’s iPhone: No, I went to
Mary’s iPhone: Us knowing him.
Dr Jameson: And then did you shoot it to
Mary’s iPhone: For short period of time.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well I I presumed that again, I should like I said, I shouldn't make any assumptions, but that's almost always how these hard infections happen. So that's why I'm eventually. Okay. And so that was you said you had your heart surgery in 2007 or 18
Dr Jameson: So you
Know,
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Before
Mary’s iPhone: It was it was
Mary’s iPhone: 15 and then 17
Dr Jameson: Okay. And were you using in between there or
Mary’s iPhone: No.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you stop.
Mary’s iPhone: And Dan dan fraction came back.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Get it all. I guess is what the doctor.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, well,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it can be very difficult. That's why we start with six weeks of antibiotics in the first place. But, but it can be very difficult to
Dr Jameson: You know, like when you get an abscess, and we have to drain it because
Dr Jameson: You can only get antibiotics to go where blood flows and I know that sounds weird if we're talking about a heart valve that obviously is bathed in blood. But if there's like a inside. It's like
Dr Jameson: gristle kind of, I don't know how to explain what the valves are made out of there isn't like a blood vessel inside that. And so sometimes there can be little pockets that just
Dr Jameson: Hide in there. We can't get Adam
Dr Jameson: Without going in, you know, for the surgery, an operation.
Dr Jameson: And then sometimes they're resistant to antibiotics, don't kill them as well as they we expect them to. So sometimes that happens to
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you stopped using heroin back in 2015 then
Mary’s iPhone: I
Mary’s iPhone: Know, it was probably for the for 1413
Dr Jameson: And you just stopped on your own.
Mary’s iPhone: Know, I mean, I went through withdrawals after with Charles and then relapsed and I mean there was times I was withdrawn for 30 days.
Dr Jameson: I know it's very, it's a very difficult thing, but you didn't. I mean, like we didn't do methadone or in any other kind of detox or programs or anything like that.
Mary’s iPhone: No, I tried to just by streets of vaccines and
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: And that they would just make me sick at the time. I even more stickers
Dr Jameson: Horrible. Well, if you don't time it right. I guess you've learned how that how that goes. It can, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then you realize you so you
Dr Jameson: Sorry.
Mary’s iPhone: No. No, go ahead. I was, I think I had tried several texts or something.
Dr Jameson: Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's very closely related. Yeah, okay. But so it was never in a formal treatment program and then you had more surgery. So you relapsed OFF and ON UP UNTIL WHENEVER November when you started the Suboxone or
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and that's a local treatment.
Dr Jameson: That's a local treatment facility.
Dr Jameson: What kind of how is their
Dr Jameson: Programs structured
Dr Jameson: Like do you go for
Dr Jameson: I mean, I know now, you're not going because it's probably everything's closed, but were they like weekly groups or did you see a counselor. It was just go see the doctor and get a prescription and that's it.
Mary’s iPhone: Wants to see a counselor once a week. And then I was doing group every other
Mary’s iPhone: Group was every
Dr Jameson: Encounter was every other week.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: All right then. And that was, I guess going okay cuz you've been able to taper.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, I mean I was doing good. I just my car broke down and I didn't have a rod know where
Mary’s iPhone: You get a rock and they kicked me out of the program.
Dr Jameson: I see last transportation. Yeah. Yes. Okay, okay, okay. So, well, let me ask you this. So have you tapered because you didn't have enough medicine or because that was
Dr Jameson: A little bit of both.
Mary’s iPhone: Obviously, probably because I didn't have it on medicine and
Mary’s iPhone: I got kicked out of my head. I had to prescriptions left
Mary’s iPhone: So I just started just I instantly went to eight milligrams a day and then like it just when I got down to like seven oh my went to like
Mary’s iPhone: four milligrams a day and then I got down
Mary’s iPhone: To like three and then I was like, are you
Mary’s iPhone: Okay, I got a class then now.
Mary’s iPhone: Like getting them off my neighbor last couple days.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, okay. And are you currently. I know you mentioned you had been incarcerated, I guess, back when you were in high school, but any other like, are you still do you still have legal situations, you're dealing with or
Dr Jameson: Like parole or probation or anything.
Mary’s iPhone: Like that.
Dr Jameson: I can't, I'm sorry. You broke up. So, no, no.
Dr Jameson: No.
Mary’s iPhone: No trouble. I'm been in trouble. Since 2012
Dr Jameson: Okay, so. Okay.
Dr Jameson: free and clear since
Dr Jameson: I don't know if that's the right way to say it, but okay. Since you that. So you have a license and average and everything. Obviously, you had a car so
Dr Jameson: We have a lot of patients, as you can imagine that have various it's just good to know what the, what the lay of the land is
Dr Jameson: OK, and then how about any other drugs that have been
Dr Jameson: An issue in the past or that you still currently use
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, I was talking
Mary’s iPhone: For a while,
Mary’s iPhone: And
Dr Jameson: How long ago.
Mary’s iPhone: It's only been a few days.
Mary’s iPhone: And
Dr Jameson: Sorry. The sound is coming in. Now you're talking about marijuana right
Mary’s iPhone: Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Just make sure I heard it right. Okay, so, so you've been using that up until very recently.
Dr Jameson: Sorry, it's breaking up.
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes. Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I can now. I was like, really breaking up for a second, though.
Dr Jameson: Okay so marijuana use up until just a few days ago right now, he said.
Dr Jameson: Yes. And, but no math or pencils or any other
Mary’s iPhone: That's just was
Mary’s iPhone: Just
Mary’s iPhone: Last November,
Mary’s iPhone: November.
Mary’s iPhone: What lingers
Mary’s iPhone: On October 31 was my last Tuesday's
Dr Jameson: For what, sorry, I didn't hear the beginning
Dr Jameson: For my math. Okay, so you have in the past but you stopped that too. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Halloween. Hmm. I guess that's easy to remember.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then just does addiction alcohol druggies problems run in your family and all anybody else and family.
Mary’s iPhone: On religious one brother.
Dr Jameson: And what is his
Mary’s iPhone: Sisters probably an alcoholic.
Mary’s iPhone: Drinks on the weekends.
Dr Jameson: You think she drinks too much though.
Mary’s iPhone: I just drink.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And your brother. What's the story with him.
Mary’s iPhone: For years,
Dr Jameson: Opiates or
Mary’s iPhone: Anything.
Mary’s iPhone: But she's struggling to pronounce.
Mary’s iPhone: The German Jonathan's
Dr Jameson: Well, you can be an example and paint a picture of this is possible. And, you know, that kind of thing. But I think, you know,
Dr Jameson: nothing more frustrating than trying to get somebody else to change if they don't want to, isn't it.
Dr Jameson: It's very hard to watch, though.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: Is your dad in the picture.
Dr Jameson: He was
Dr Jameson: very laid back
Dr Jameson: Okay, but he's he's he's
Dr Jameson: He's involved in your life.
Mary’s iPhone: Joe
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, it is. Chills
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Camp or something.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. And then are there other people besides your parents living in where you're there now.
Dr Jameson: Your brother.
Dr Jameson: I don't know what happened to the connection, it's like really not coming in. Well, I guess.
Dr Jameson: Are you there.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, the connections.
Dr Jameson: Really bad. I don't. Did you move as maybe the new spot, you're sitting in
Mary’s iPhone: One like this and it just went out.
Dr Jameson: Oh, I know. I mean, like where you're in, we're in the car, like it was really good. When we first started the appointment and now it's not so good.
Dr Jameson: Is it possible to go back where you started.
Mary’s iPhone: Or my car.
Dr Jameson: I'm just having a very hard time hearing
Dr Jameson: I'm getting like every third word right now.
Dr Jameson: But then again, mine looks like it's
Dr Jameson: Freezing here on the sun too. So maybe it's not
Dr Jameson: You may not all you
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Mary’s iPhone: Better now. Yes.
Dr Jameson: For now, yes, I think.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: I might do. Oh.
Dr Jameson: Thank you. Thank you for trying. Okay, so how
Dr Jameson: Have you been diagnosed with any like anxiety or depression or PTSD or anything like that.
Yes.
Mary’s iPhone: Anxiety and okay
Dr Jameson: But you're not on any medication for that. Right. Well, have you been in the past.
Mary’s iPhone: But just
Dr Jameson: Did not work well, or what happened.
Mary’s iPhone: I just stopped taking it.
Dr Jameson: How long ago.
Dr Jameson: Approximately. Okay. Have you noticed any change since you've been back off of it.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Who was prescribing it
Mary’s iPhone: Um, my OSU doctor
Dr Jameson: Is that you have to fill me in which one is that your primary care or the heart doctor or the Suboxone play
Mary’s iPhone: I think it is my primary care doctor
Dr Jameson: Okay that's often who it is. I you don't see a psychiatrist.
Mary’s iPhone: No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's the only other person. I would think it might be okay.
Dr Jameson: Are you just overdue for an appointment or you didn't think you need to take it anymore. Don't think you need to take it anymore. What, what, just
Mary’s iPhone: Feel like I didn't need to take it anymore.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Do you still feel that way.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So, but, you know, you notice a little bit more anxiety, since you stopped it. But it's not that bad.
Mary’s iPhone: I'm sure I'm getting my idea on
Dr Jameson: OK.
Dr Jameson: So maybe I didn't hear. Did you say you have noticed a difference. Since you stopped it.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, I really not good like that heart flutter. Boom.
Dr Jameson: Oh, so it was giving you side effects. I see. Okay, so you feel better. Since you stopped it.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Here, see I here I am making assumptions, again, sorry. Okay, good. Okay.
Dr Jameson: But in your anxieties is status quo. It hasn't you haven't had any trouble with that recently set right
Dr Jameson: No good. Okay, and how about the depression.
Mary’s iPhone: It's been getting better.
Dr Jameson: Okay, good.
Dr Jameson: So you mentioned a couple times that things were kind of, I don't know, chaotic is always, I think that's the word you used in where you're staying at his with what's that about
Mary’s iPhone: They were just
Mary’s iPhone: Going through transition and they didn't understand that I was changing for the better.
Mary’s iPhone: And are
Mary’s iPhone: Fighting to prove myself to my mother.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay. So there were some just disagreements and not and lack of trust. Does that sound like kind of okay okay so but it's been getting. Did you just say it's been getting better.
Dr Jameson: Well, you know, I think. Well, one thing I we talked about this in our groups like when there's disagreement between whoever it is like
Dr Jameson: It often helps, even if you don't have to agree with the other person but it often helps to like
Dr Jameson: Try to at least see it from their side for a minute. Where are they coming from. Why would they be saying what they're saying.
Dr Jameson: And again he doesn't mean you have to agree with what they're saying. But at least if you can understand why they believe what they're believing sometimes that can help you like
Dr Jameson: Kind of get to some sort of resolution, a little bit easier. Does that
Dr Jameson: Make sense. Like for me, I would say, well, when you've written, you know, been around someone who's an addict. I don't know. I don't want to, again, I shouldn't assume, but a lot of times
Dr Jameson: Things keep going missing people aren't showing up when they say they're going to show up. There's a lot of disappointment and frustration and that kind of stuff that comes with that and
Dr Jameson: Fear, because it's scary watching somebody
Dr Jameson: Right, and so people take some time to
Dr Jameson: Can you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Reading again.
Dr Jameson: Sort of
Mary’s iPhone: Do you hear me.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Can you hear me now.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, I was saying that that's what I'm struggling with is my brother was always stolen stuff. So they were always paranoid that I was going to do the same thing and
Mary’s iPhone: It is I guess they understand now that I don't steal and I don't lie.
Dr Jameson: But you had to sort of you had to sort of prove yourself right yeah just sort of established that you're trustworthy. Right. You have to earn that sometimes. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: WELL, GOOD, I'M GLAD THAT
Dr Jameson: I'm glad it's it's it making headway progressing forward.
Dr Jameson: But yeah, it's, it's hard. This is so hard. There's so many on so many levels. That's one of the reasons why at the beginning I was saying, Wow, this you've
Dr Jameson: You've tapered really quickly because there's a lot of different pieces to this and figuring out interpersonal relations repairing previous relationships that have been
Dr Jameson: You know negatively affected by what's happened and that all of that takes you know that is a long process and slow and it you know there's a lot of components. So to all of this. So,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, um,
Dr Jameson: As far as medication goes
Dr Jameson: Are you having cravings. Now, like what on the dose. You're at
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, it's not that I get cravings. It's just I get headaches and I get frustrated because I can't do things. It's like, lack of energy.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. So yeah, because you mentioned you're having body pain and I was thinking in my head. I wonder if that's just withdrawal symptom.
Dr Jameson: Because your dose has gone down kind of quickly.
Mary’s iPhone: That's what I was wondering. Because I mean, truthfully I am I can do a lot of activity and I can function a lot better if I start out with two milligrams in the morning.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Very low dose, you know,
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: Well, I mean, it's just what I I'm trying to get off it completely.
Dr Jameson: WHAT'S YOUR MOM IN THE CAR WHEN WE FIRST were talking and I was talking about being very deliberate about stopping all together.
Mary’s iPhone: A
Dr Jameson: Sheet now.
Dr Jameson: Yes. Yeah. Because, so I just want. I think it's worth, because I think a lot
Dr Jameson: Again, I don't want to make any sense. But often, other people are encouraging, you know, get off that stuff and you're just replacing one thing with another, and there's there's often there's some kind of ambivalence about, is this really this is really better than where we were at but
Dr Jameson: And I was what I was saying was just a recap, I applaud and I encourage the, the goal of getting off or the Suboxone at some point I have concern about doing it too quickly. And in my mind quickly is like
Dr Jameson: Less than a few years, to be frank and part of that is because what I was just talking about a second ago, we need to help re train coping skills. What do we do when something terrible happens in our life. What do we do when there's fear anxious anxiety pain. There's just a lot of
Dr Jameson: Additional coping skills. We want to help build and
Dr Jameson: You know, dealing with the reasons why we ended up where we ended up if we don't kind of
Dr Jameson: Evaluate all that and and
Dr Jameson: You know, work on some other all those sorts of underlying issues were
Dr Jameson: It's kind of unrealistic to think that, you know, the next time something bad happens, you're not going to turn to the thing that's always been the thing that at least for a moment, makes you feel better.
Dr Jameson: So, um, that takes a long time. It's very doable but it usually involves counseling one on one work for some significant amount of time. Sometimes family counseling or part you know relationship counseling, sometimes not.
Dr Jameson: But it's it's a process. And if we rush it unfortunately what the statistics are very discouraging about how people do after they stopped Suboxone or methadone either one.
Dr Jameson: There's a very, very high rate of relapse. And since that can be fatal. We don't really want to mess around. We'd rather be very deliberate and make sure that
Dr Jameson: Counselors agree mindset is very strong. We have a backup plan and a second second backup plan and a contingency plan for that yet. We have a lot. We've thought very hard long and hard about how we're going to manage going forward.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That's what
Mary’s iPhone: I need to stay on. It's not something wrong.
Mary’s iPhone: I just know people music that's my problem. That's, that's, you tell me no you snore you do this you do that. That's not how we communicate
Mary’s iPhone: And she that's what she sounded to you and tell you that it's okay that we need to work together as a team, instead of you that can you know what's right all the time. I do, too.
Mary’s iPhone: I didn't know if
Dr Jameson: I say that maybe she does know what's right. Oh.
Dr Jameson: No.
Dr Jameson: I think
I
Dr Jameson: I think that
Dr Jameson: Maybe
Dr Jameson: Maybe we should explain a little bit about how the Suboxone like the way that the the medication is packaged it comes with a built in.
Dr Jameson: Determined to being well Suboxone comes with a built into turn to being snorted or shot or melted in and taken different ways because it contains in our can
Dr Jameson: Sub you text, which is without the knowledge zone, that's a different story, which is why we almost never prescribed that unless someone's pregnant or they, you know, had anaphylaxis reactions to the to the Suboxone so there should be very little.
Dr Jameson: I'm not saying people don't do it, but it's much, much less likely to be misused, because it's got that in our can built in, um,
Dr Jameson: I think the bigger concern, frankly, is people selling you know not taking it and selling it to other people, right, which
Dr Jameson: We all know that happens. So that's our
Mary’s iPhone: Right.
Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: Obviously,
Dr Jameson: Right. I mean, it's out there and and you know
If
Dr Jameson: I say this not to say that I would be comfortable knowing that you were doing that with my prescription. I know I would not because that's
Mary’s iPhone: Illegal she would say I was out buying
Dr Jameson: People, but what
Dr Jameson: I understand that.
Dr Jameson: But what what I was gonna say was, it is a very Safe Medication. I mean it. It's very difficult to overdose on it. I mean, you can if you melt a bunch of sub sub you text and shoot it, you can. But if you're taking it.
Dr Jameson: It's very safe and it really works. So
Dr Jameson: I have very mixed feelings about the fact that it's available on the street because it also gets people into treatment when they try it and realize, oh, this, this works. I can just take this from
Dr Jameson: In and not so i'm not saying I am okay with you selling your medicine, but at the same time.
Dr Jameson: You know it's rarely that it's harmful. It's just anyway it is my job, our job to
Dr Jameson: Be sure that you are taking your medicine and not selling it. So we do that's part of why we do pill counts and we do drug screens and you're not supposed to have it in your system. When we test you. And you know, that kind of stuff. So we do monitor that.
For sure.
Dr Jameson: So, so I think the concern about miss us, I mean, I'm not there. So I can't see what's going on. But I think if it's just based on previous behavior that that that fear is there.
Dr Jameson: I would try to reassure you, mom, that it's pretty hard to abuse this particular drug because it has that built in arcane in there.
Dr Jameson: And then, you know,
Dr Jameson: Again, the first return to use
Dr Jameson: Unfortunately, especially people that are using IV.
Dr Jameson: There's a very high rate of fatal overdose. And so, you know, that's just it's a fact. So we, I just, I'm always very
Dr Jameson: Careful about recommending that somebody stopped completely the Suboxone
Dr Jameson: And I, you know, even actually. Well, I've only been working with bright hearts since June, so I it's almost a year, but we haven't gotten anybody completely off as of yet under my care.
Dr Jameson: But I would probably still recommend that you have a bottle locked up somewhere that you could always turn to, if you had a really bad day, you know, that might be part of that contingency plan that we were talking about because
Dr Jameson: You know, it's, it's so much safer than any of the other
Alternatives.
Dr Jameson: But anyway, so for now, I would say.
Dr Jameson: You did say your. Are you still seeing that counselor that you were working with before.
Mary’s iPhone: Um no I guess like this. Dude, my group meetings on here now and individual
Dr Jameson: Yes. Okay, so I wasn't sure if it was. Yeah, it was through that program. So sometimes people are seeing a therapist through their primary care anyway. And it was kind of a
Dr Jameson: Separate from the group from the substance abuse treatment program so we wouldn't necessarily try to rip you away from your, your current counselor if you have one that you're that you're working with. But if
Mary’s iPhone: Thank you.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, then yes, we will we will
Dr Jameson: Pretty much insist that you meet with one of our counselors for a good good while until, until they say, Yeah, you know, he's he's he's everything all the screws are are lined up right now.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: And then, yeah, you'll do weekly groups and it's online, so like, just like this, so it's it's hopefully much more I think it's much more convenient than trying to having to schlep somebody somewhere.
Dr Jameson: As far as your dose goes
Dr Jameson: We can start with to the twos twice a day and see, see how you feel. With that, I think the goal is to be physically comfortable
Dr Jameson: Ideally, like, not just comfortable. Like, I feel good and then not having cravings and then, you know, we work with counseling and
Mary’s iPhone: Don't
Mary’s iPhone: Like I don't get creating
Dr Jameson: It's amazing. It's
Mary’s iPhone: Like
Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: Like really corrected my mind.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And you started
Dr Jameson: Surely, yeah it's it to the way that it works. And I'm some of this you may know, but I'm saying it out loud, partly for the benefit of your mom to maybe she knows do, but it's a selective
Dr Jameson: opiate partial they call it a partial agonist and a partial antagonist and you probably understand the word antagonist.
Dr Jameson: Already agonist is the opposite. So one is when it's turning on a receptor and one is one, it's blocking a receptor.
Dr Jameson: There are different kinds of receptors in our brains there they give them Greek names, but like kappa lambda I'm you.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, it doesn't really matter. The details of it. But the point is that some of the opioid receptors that we have make us when they're activated make us sleepy and relaxed and eventually stopped breathing. Others will do things like thank you constipated, and
Dr Jameson: I guess it must affect your temperature regulation, right, because when we take the take the opiates away. Everyone starts getting all this hot and cold and all this other stuff so
I'm
Dr Jameson: Basically obviously set
Dr Jameson: Up all the opiate the other effects that opiates have in our system. When you suddenly take them out.
Dr Jameson: You get like the opposite response, you know, because you've just suddenly taken the brakes away and your body's been compensating for having breaks in place like pushing the gas pedal really far down because there's this you know your
Dr Jameson: emergency brake has been on and all of a sudden you you take the lift emergency brake now all of a sudden you're going 80 miles an hour, you can't sleep right
Dr Jameson: And you get anxious and restless and all the opposite effects happen. So what the Suboxone is able to do is sort of satisfy those receptors.
Dr Jameson: But it blocks the receptors that cause you for you and it blocks the receptors that deal with sedation and respiratory depression, which is where people get their overdoses from is that particular receptor. So, which is why it's quite safe.
Dr Jameson: As long as it's taken the way it's designed to be taken.
Dr Jameson: So your people are able to think clearly their physical withdrawal symptoms are gone. And it's, you know, it just allows. It's kind of like a like a timeout from the chase and the you know the the trying not to feel sick thing that people end up in
Dr Jameson: And we use that time, like I said, a couple times now to sort of also
Dr Jameson: Back up a minute and Let's peel back some of the other layers here of what what was, what were you getting out of using and what what were you trying to, you know, where was
Dr Jameson: Where was the pain that you were trying to self medicate or what are the things you're trying to escape from in your life or what are you using this to cope with.
Dr Jameson: For and let's let's figure out how we can help you learn other ways of handling those same things that are going to continue because we can't, we can't magically erase every
Dr Jameson: Every you know problem in the world. So that's kind of where the, you know, the harder job is, I think, is is dealing with all that and then your mindset and
Dr Jameson: Not everyone is like that open to hearing different ways or to try different ways of thinking about things are going about things are okay I'm gonna try meditating. I'm gonna try journaling or I'm gonna, you know, not everybody says
Dr Jameson: open minded and they tend to have a harder time because they don't you know if you don't try different things you're going to find a new thing that works.
Dr Jameson: That works for you. Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, yeah.
Dr Jameson: So, um,
So anyway, that's kind of
Dr Jameson: I think that that's what takes a lot longer than just tapering down physical withdrawal symptoms like that's a fairly easy thing, the harder thing is is to
Dr Jameson: Reset your, your, your thought processes doesn't make sense.
Dr Jameson: But anyway, I think I'm I think that to twice a day is a reasonable place to start. And then we can adjust if we need to. I mean, the goal is to be successful. And we use the medication to maximize your
Dr Jameson: Your, your odds basically
Dr Jameson: So you haven't had it refilled and quite some time. I take it right
No.
Dr Jameson: I just by law have to look you up in the little database. So I'm just do a quick
Dr Jameson: And then they explain. They did explain to you about how we do weekly groups. It sounds like
Dr Jameson: And
Mary’s iPhone: They'll send me an email and I just log in with the group number, whatever they get
Mary’s iPhone: Is what I was told I
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, yes, I know so so you check in with the virtual clinic, like you did today, and then assuming you've, you know, done your drug screen for the month and you filled out the surveys that they asked people to fill out every week and you whatever met the different
Dr Jameson: The different criteria, then they give you. Yeah, they email you the meeting ID for that week, and it does change every week.
Dr Jameson: So that we make sure everybody gets checked through the check in process.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so Robert da le s and it's want 0129 what you're really wanting
Mary’s iPhone: Oh, it's 129 84
Dr Jameson: We do a monthly search to just make sure somebody isn't getting medicine from two different people, which is much harder to do these days, I think, than it used to be.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes I my
Mary’s iPhone: Pharmacy.
Fine. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it looks like it hasn't been since February and back then you were on the twice a day. Okay. Um, so we do a similar thing where we start with
Dr Jameson: Well, sort prescriptions until we see that you're fulfilling your the requirements of the program and then you kind of earn progressively longer Prescription refills as as you you know progress through the different
Dr Jameson: Stages basically
Dr Jameson: As far as so they'll schedule you a meeting with one of the counselors to do kind of an initial evaluation from their side of the house if they haven't already, but you'll get an appointment for that. And then they talk to you about getting labs done, I think. Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, I needed to complete my
Mary’s iPhone: My
Mary’s iPhone: Release of inflammation.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we're going to have copies of labs that you've had done recently.
Dr Jameson: Sorry. Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: Perfect, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Otherwise you get poked again. So it's one of the other
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: My Ohio groups are on actually on Tuesdays, like I just finished finished them up before I meeting with you today. So that would
Dr Jameson: Mean that we
Dr Jameson: Sorry.
Dr Jameson: That would mean that we start you out with enough medicine to get either to your counselor appointment. If that happens later this week, which I doubt it will because I think they're kind of booked or two are your first group, which would be a week from today.
Dr Jameson: I could meet with you, Friday, just to sort of do a dose check if you would like, if that would be more since we're
Dr Jameson: Playing playing with the dose right now.
Dr Jameson: That's fine. So maybe that's what I'll do, I'll do a three day
Mary’s iPhone: Four day do you just go do you want me to
Mary’s iPhone: Do in the morning and two in the afternoon.
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, I felt really great when I was taking for today.
Mary’s iPhone: I got was really active
Dr Jameson: Yeah yeah two milligrams in the morning into it and the in the evenings. I already said.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah.
Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: Are you want me to do it.
Dr Jameson: No, I mean, I think.
Dr Jameson: I think we should say to into. And then if you're feeling really good like that. Normally when I
Dr Jameson: When I type when we're tapering people. And since, you know, since you're moving into a new program or like
Dr Jameson: There's a lot of flex, I would not necessarily be recommending or doing any tapering right now. I would be until you get adjusted meet everybody kind of get into the into the swing of things.
Dr Jameson: And then if we were going to taper I'm usually making a change like every month, maybe like very very slow. So I wouldn't. I'm not an I really am not in a rush.
Dr Jameson: At all.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Wanna I want to make sure I'm not normally like I said, even the very most sort of
Dr Jameson: well adjusted. I don't know how to say, you know, professionals who who who just, you know, gotten you know pain medicine that got out of control or something. We still do a very slow.
Dr Jameson: Slow, slow, slow to taper. So yeah, so that's what I'll send, and I'll send enough to get you through Friday. Do you have any any particular scheduling.
Dr Jameson: Limitations.
Mary’s iPhone: I'm just she'll be she'll be out, can you meet with me after 430
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, at 430 that's totally fine should be on it's not
Dr Jameson: Do you want five
Mary’s iPhone: Years. Okay. Yes, that's cool.
Mary’s iPhone: There's no
Dr Jameson: There's no stress no stress about it. Okay, so I'll have them put you in for an appointment with me at five on Friday so we can double check that the four days feeling good and then
Dr Jameson: For group your options are.
Dr Jameson: Now, what's your schedule on Tuesday. What's the phones schedule on Tuesday I guess is that that's the question.
Mary’s iPhone: Um, it's my mom works, Monday through Friday.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then are there any other like tablets or computers or anything. And you already
Mary’s iPhone: So I gotta go.
Mary’s iPhone: To my computer. She'll try to see you gave it to them.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so if okay because I have more space in the daytime.
Dr Jameson: Groups right now than I do in the I have some evening groups, but they're they're getting they're getting busier
Dr Jameson: How, what time usually wake up.
Mary’s iPhone: Oh, Me from like seven
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you'd be up. Alright. So, assuming we have a device.
Dr Jameson: That's available to you.
Dr Jameson: I have a 1030 and
I noon.
Dr Jameson: On Tuesdays.
Mary’s iPhone: 1030 is fine.
Dr Jameson: Okay, but we have to confirm. I'm going to pencil you in because
Mary’s iPhone: You have to confirm that you have
Dr Jameson: You have a technology.
Dr Jameson: Available for that time but
Dr Jameson: Will technical tentatively pick that time or
Dr Jameson: Sorry.
Mary’s iPhone: What about, you know, Friday. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, that's my
Dr Jameson: So did you have any like prior offs or issues like that with the pharmacy when you first started Suboxone. Do you remember
Mary’s iPhone: Like getting them.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Did they have to. There was, was there any delay, like from the day you went to see the doctor did it take a day or something for them to get the prescription sorted out for you.
Mary’s iPhone: No, not really. Okay.
Mary’s iPhone: All actually well I
Mary’s iPhone: Don't know because I was gonna rest home.
Mary’s iPhone: Okay. So really I came out of the rest home with I had to go pick up a prescription from the worst one. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, so what sometimes happens is the farm. I mean, well, sometimes the pharmacy has to order.
Dr Jameson: That they don't have it in stock, especially the two milligram size which we can work around, we can call in and eat and have you split it into pieces, that's not the end of the world.
Dr Jameson: But insurance sometimes has to make it you know wants us to fill out a form about why you're taking this which it's just busy work.
Dr Jameson: And then at the end of the month. Sometimes the pharmacies are actually, you know, they get our monthly allotment and by the end of the month, they don't have it.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes you have to try different pharmacies to find one. Anyway, there can be a variety of obstacles. I'm just
Dr Jameson: You know, hopefully it will be fine. But I don't want, you know, just bear that in mind at sometimes they're just as can be very annoying, but sometimes we have to do some work before we get the medicine in your hand, actually.
Dr Jameson: So I just want just
Dr Jameson: Give you the heads up. What I would suggest as soon as I'm going to send it right now. And then as soon as we're done. Give them you know 10 minutes or something but call the pharmacy a make sure they received the medication and
Dr Jameson: See if there's any you know will, when will I be able to pick it up and that's a good way to find out. Oh, well, there's a form that needs to be filler, we don't have it in stock or
Dr Jameson: They sometimes get upset because my prescription has the bright heart health.
Dr Jameson: Header on it. And that's a California address and they get all some of them get very upset by that.
Dr Jameson: So I'm going to hand write my address in here. I already put the D and number, but I'll put that on there too. Because sometimes that's part of their initial one until they, you know, sometimes they want a phone call to confirm, everything's on the up and up basically
Dr Jameson: So I will will will and we will do whatever we can to help if it's a if it's a prior off form or calling into somewhere else or replace, you know, substituting for tablet instead of film, they don't have the film or whatever will do what I
Dr Jameson: Mean, okay.
Dr Jameson: Well hopefully it'll be all fine. And all this is just, you know,
Dr Jameson: It's like bringing an umbrella when it doesn't ring, but just from prior experience. I, I didn't. I think it's
Dr Jameson: It's worth mentioning.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Would
Dr Jameson: I usually offer a prescription for an AR can would that be something you'd like to have in the house.
Mary’s iPhone: I mean,
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, truthfully. I mean, I don't think I'm eating, but I mean if you feel that I should keep it around.
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm not necessarily saying for you, but
I
Mary’s iPhone: Haven't relapse.
Dr Jameson: Or friends or family members. Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, I would.
Dr Jameson: Yeah okay i think it's it's a seat. Again, it's a safety thing. And I'm not saying that I think you're going to relapse. I just, I'm fact I'm pretty sure you're not because you're taking medicine, but it's just a good thing to have available.
Thank you.
Dr Jameson: I've had patients that you know didn't use it for themselves but their friend or sibling or
Dr Jameson: You know,
Mary’s iPhone: All the knocking. I know.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes, nor can they can choose one night. No.
Dr Jameson: No, no, no, no.
Dr Jameson: That's not my department. No.
Dr Jameson: No.
Mary’s iPhone: No.
Dr Jameson: That's the thing, too, is like you have, you know, you're likely to know other people that
Dr Jameson: Use the same substances and
Mary’s iPhone: Well, I'm I know everybody they use
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, so it's like, No, I wouldn't. Yeah.
Mary’s iPhone: I don't want people to run
Dr Jameson: Well, I should
Mary’s iPhone: Be probably realized that my recovery was successful by Suboxone
Mary’s iPhone: Mm hmm. Oh, it's a just trying to get other people to understand that. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, again, I think. All you can do is, is sometimes the less you say, the better. But if your life starts flourishing because you
Dr Jameson: You know, get your, you know, you know what together. And now, okay, maybe you're going to
Dr Jameson: I don't know, whatever it is that you want to do part time jobs go back to school. I don't know. But, you know,
Dr Jameson: New relationship. Anyway, if your life suddenly starts flourishing and they're seeing it without you even saying see luck, you know, giving them lectures, like, a lot of times they're like, what do you do, you know, they, you know, they want to know.
Mary’s iPhone: Something over
Mary’s iPhone: To my mom understand this boxing is a treatment and you don't get it.
Dr Jameson: From each other. No, no.
Dr Jameson: It doesn't cause you for. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And actually, well, I shouldn't say that I've had people were kind of depends. Because we we have they needed a much some people metabolize it much slower.
Dr Jameson: And so, you know, what's a low dose for one person is a high dose for somebody else. We were talking about that at the beginning. So I've had, I had one one.
Dr Jameson: Patient who was transitioning from from she was taking vitamin pills, but she wasn't taking very many of them and you know the two milligram dose for for like the normal dose for her. She's like, I feel. Hi, I'm like little get a turn the dose way down. So
Dr Jameson: Generally, it doesn't cause any you for yes we say, or a high
Dr Jameson: So, and it and it doesn't. Well, it can still make you constipated.
Dr Jameson: Mean you can still have a lot of the side effects that opiates any opiate does
Dr Jameson: But I think at this point you're already on it. So I don't think that's probably a big concern.
Dr Jameson: And if this is probably this is not really relevant to you, right. The second either, but I do want to just explain about the precipitated withdrawal thing we kind of talked about that at the beginning. And do you understand how that works. Now, or do you want me to explain that.
Mary’s iPhone: Oh, I understand how it works and you understand what trauma. Yes.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah. So, no, I'm sorry, I don't think I didn't
Dr Jameson: make myself clear. So, what I mean is the Suboxone go we already said that it goes and sits in those same receptors that heroin or oxy or whatever else morphine.
Dr Jameson: Would normally go in and it actually, it's very strongly sticks in there so that if you were to try to use something
Dr Jameson: You know, even a, you know, the prescription for something the dentist gave you, because it folds your tooth. If you take it when you're on your Suboxone there's nowhere for those other opiates to go so they just don't do anything. I mean, you don't get any effect from them.
Dr Jameson: The buprenorphine is so is this the box on the people in our field in this box is actually stronger than heroin. It sticks stronger than heroin and all these other things. So if you've recently used like within the last day at your drug of choice. And then you take Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Before you've already entered into withdrawal. The Suboxone actually goes in there and pushes out
Dr Jameson: Kind of like Narc can
Dr Jameson: But it lasts a lot longer than our can so that's when you said you used to take and it would make you feel sicker is probably because you hadn't waited long enough, since you had use whatever else you had been using
Dr Jameson: And so then it actually makes it, it can create a withdrawal. So it's like I said, it won't really matter for you now because you're already taking Suboxone and I anything else. But I think it's just good to know that about how the medication works that
Dr Jameson: You know, you have to always wait until if your very first time taking it. If you've never taken it before and you've read and you're transitioning from
Dr Jameson: Abusing whatever you're abusing to this, you have to wait until you've actually entered a significant degree of withdrawal and then start your first dose, you have to like delay that first dose.
Dr Jameson: So that it doesn't put you into withdrawal. You have to be in withdrawal and then come out of it with the Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Does that make sense.
Mary’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So we asked people, there's a couple of guidelines for group. Well, I'll go over that on Friday because we've talked for two on here ready
Dr Jameson: And we go through that with you on Friday.
Dr Jameson: Um, do you have any questions for me.
Mary’s iPhone: No, I'm some are you sending over prescription tonight and I get to get up.
Dr Jameson: Tomorrow, then did about
Dr Jameson: 510 minutes ago 121
Dr Jameson: Or 21 yeah but seven minutes ago. So yeah, I, I'm hoping assuming there are no pickups with prior offs, or the pharmacy doesn't carry it or
Dr Jameson: They suck. They have quotas, like they only have so many patients. I don't know there's there's a variety of
Dr Jameson: Obstacles, like I said,
Dr Jameson: But if you have any like if you call the pharmacy and they either didn't. Well, hopefully they got the prescription. But if you know they went into cyberspace or something they didn't receive it.
Dr Jameson: Or they did but but they have some, but they, you know, then called virtual clinic so that we can
Dr Jameson: Do whatever we want. Whatever we can at least on our end to try to get it so you can pick it up tonight.
Mary’s iPhone: Was
Mary’s iPhone: Really nice talking to you. What was your name.
Dr Jameson: Dr. Jamison
Mary’s iPhone: For
Dr Jameson: Yeah we froze.
Mary’s iPhone: On
Dr Jameson: Me. Okay, so I'll let them know you're going to have an appointment with me at five o'clock and you are in Eastern
Dr Jameson: Or central
Mary’s iPhone: Central
Dr Jameson: Your Eastern, eight
Mary’s iPhone: Central time
Dr Jameson: So, what time is it for you there right now.
Mary’s iPhone: Right now it's 430
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you're the same as me. That's Eastern. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, you are. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so I'll I just want to make sure we were referring to the same clock.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Okay, so
Dr Jameson: All right, so I'll let her know to put you in for five o'clock on Friday.
Dr Jameson: Is going okay and if for some reason.
Dr Jameson: You need to reschedule that
Dr Jameson: I mean, we are definitely understanding flexible people like I don't think you can work with this population and not be okay with kind of going with the flow. Sometimes
Dr Jameson: But we do ask that you communicate like so that I'm not sitting here at my computer and on a Friday at five, and you're not coming
Dr Jameson: To you. I'm saying
Dr Jameson: So if you you can give us a call the virtual clinic, something came up my mom's got, you know, called to stay late whatever I don't, whatever it is.
Dr Jameson: If you can just let it go ahead of time so that we can we can not waste resources and then we can reschedule it, but it's really more about the courtesy and and sort of respect of
Dr Jameson: Being communicating. If you're not gonna be able to keep an appointment. Basically, ideally, keeping the appointment is best
Dr Jameson: But like stuff comes up. I mean, it's
Dr Jameson: Life is life so
Mary’s iPhone: Make my appointments and I'm not be like I'm on the phone right now.
We're done.
Dr Jameson: So, so, you know, like I'm I think I'm maybe to understanding. Sometimes I think it gets me into trouble forgiving too much and then people start. I'm not saying you but this is my life, this is what I have learned about myself.
Dr Jameson: So we're understanding for sure. And I will also say, you know, in case you're worried. We don't kick people out if their urine test doesn't show what we want it to show. Well, if you don't have Suboxone and yourself in your system that's a problem.
Dr Jameson: But, you know, we don't punish people for being addicts who sometimes relapse. Like, that's part of the disease. And I'm not encouraged. I'm not going to be happy to see it. I'm not going to be like, oh, whatever you know i'm i'm gonna care, but I'm not gonna like kick you out because
Mary’s iPhone: I mean, just to ask this, and for my mom.
Mary’s iPhone: Heard you guys stand with now.
Mary’s iPhone: So that I could transfer from the Suboxone to marijuana but it's like I've been struggling with what is right and what's wrong for so long. It's like
Mary’s iPhone: I don't know.
Dr Jameson: What. Yeah, no, that's a good. That's a really good question and not necessarily a very straightforward answer.
Dr Jameson: It in Ideally I would I would
Dr Jameson: If I can you know in in my dream would be that people don't feel they need some sort of mind altering substance in order to deal with.
Dr Jameson: Their life, life.
Mary’s iPhone: From them.
Um,
Dr Jameson: It's legal. In some places, so what can I mean we can't really and we we practice across the country. So I take care of people in California.
Dr Jameson: It's not illegal. You know what I mean, like, so it becomes so we do not have like a policy that you can't use marijuana. I don't
Dr Jameson: I'm not a fan. I think its associated with delusions and paranoia and I think we're going to see as it's being legalized that we actually have more adverse effects from this stuff and then people want to
Dr Jameson: Admit. It's also bad for you to smoke anything whether whether, whatever it is. So I'm not, you know, I don't, I'm not going to advocate for, that's for sure.
Dr Jameson: If we're going to pick between you smoke taking a couple hits from a joint or shooting a needle in your arm. I'm going to pick the joint, but I don't
Mary’s iPhone: But I'm not trying
Mary’s iPhone: I've cut it out already. So I mean I'm few days or two days.
Mary’s iPhone: Yeah, cool from that. So I'm the
Mary’s iPhone: One.
Dr Jameson: That I know I can tell, and you cut back on so you you've been very hard at work, getting rid of a lot of things. So that's, that's very impressive. What I would ask from you is that if you're finding
Dr Jameson: I think this whole thing is like identifying what is it that is making me
Dr Jameson: Think about doing X, Y, or Z or what am I, why am I wanting that, what am I trying to rectify
Dr Jameson: Am I bored. Am I scared. Am I anxious, am I like I don't know the answer to that only you can. But what I would ask for you is that if you're finding that you're feeling
Dr Jameson: Say more anxious because you came off your boost bar, maybe it's not boost bar that you need. Maybe it's something else. But
Dr Jameson: Just be in touch with yourself about what's what's happening and what you're feeling. And if you're wanting to smoke weed why. Let's talk about that. So keep keep thinking, you know, from kind of
Dr Jameson: Root cause analysis. So we would say, like, where is this really coming from at the at the core of and that sometimes we don't know.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes it takes a while to figure that out. That's what part of the counseling is about
Dr Jameson: But a lot of times people have spent so much time.
Dr Jameson: numbing any feelings that they don't want to have. They don't even know how to what the name like they're not even sure what the feeling is anymore. It's just kind of, you know, so part of it is identifying what what what you're trying to escape from in the first place.
Dr Jameson: So anyway, I just would keep it just keep in touch with yourself if you're feeling like your anxiety or depression are
Dr Jameson: Getting worse as as you're taking away some of these some of these things be in touch, let us know. Because we can definitely help try to, you know, manage that help help with other other ways if we, if we can, so
Mary’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Mary’s iPhone: Well, thank you.
Mary’s iPhone: For everything. You're welcome. It was nice to meet you. I look forward to working with you and I will see you on Friday at five unless
Dr Jameson: Something comes up, which you'll just let us know about
Mary’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: I see to mom.
Dr Jameson: All right, we'll see season.
Mary’s iPhone: I see ya.
Bye.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so this last most recent patient is Robert dials. So he's transferring to our program from a local
Dr Jameson: Treatment
Dr Jameson: Plan his glasses transportation and missed appointments and was
Dr Jameson: Discharged from their practice.
Dr Jameson: For the 36 year old gentlemen.
Dr Jameson: Okay. I mean, I know you can summarize what we said.
Dr Jameson: As far as
Dr Jameson: Criteria for substance use disorder.
Dr Jameson: According to his a Sam survey.
Dr Jameson: Like I said Asperger's.
Dr Jameson: He basically needs every criteria minus
Dr Jameson: Minus the unable to stop using medication dogs. When you want to. But otherwise, he's
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: He answered yes to all the other
Dr Jameson: Desk 10
Dr Jameson: Questions.
Dr Jameson: He's never been in inpatient
Dr Jameson: Treatment
Dr Jameson: I don't, he didn't. He's not had any overdoses.
Dr Jameson: And then I guess we should add his Ph. Q.
Dr Jameson: Nine score was
Dr Jameson: 12 and get seven eight.
Dr Jameson: So it's a 36 year old gentleman who's been treated with Suboxone since November 2019 at a local
Dr Jameson: treatment program period. He started at 16 milligrams a day.
Dr Jameson: But has
Dr Jameson: Titles traded himself tapered himself down
Dr Jameson: To one milligram twice to two milligrams a day. Basically, most recently.
Dr Jameson: Period, he's used to his previous prescription
Dr Jameson: And supplemented that with
Dr Jameson: Additional supply he's
Dr Jameson: Purchased on this on the street illicitly and borrowed from a friend. Most recently, he did. He does report. He felt
Dr Jameson: Much better at four milligrams a day.
Dr Jameson: He does want to taper off completely.
Dr Jameson: At some point, period. He was attending weekly groups and twice monthly counseling appointments at his previous program.
Dr Jameson: He was previously taking boost bar for anxiety, but stop that on his own about within the past month he hasn't noticed any change in his anxiety, but he has noticed less palpitations, so he's feeling better off the loose bar, at least from a physical standpoint.
Dr Jameson: I updated his asthma history meds and stuff.
Dr Jameson: Review systems. He has body aches, headaches, fatigue, insomnia,
Dr Jameson: otherwise normal are negative mental status is normal physical exam is normal for you d severe
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: Number one. Number two, nicotine.
Dr Jameson: Tobacco use
Dr Jameson: Plan patient has already had success with
Dr Jameson: Suboxone through a local clinic.
Dr Jameson: He does seem to be having some withdrawal symptoms at its current dose. So we agree that a 2.5 film twice a day is a better
Dr Jameson: Place to start period. I didn't order a random noise report this most recent
Dr Jameson: Prescription Phil was
Dr Jameson: February 27 of this year.
Dr Jameson: Number one. Number two will initiate the remainder of our program with a bio psychosocial evaluation. We're going to obtain copies of his more recent lab work.
Dr Jameson: And if not available, then he'll go for a set of labs.
Dr Jameson: Next number we're going to do a med check in three days to follow up on this dose and patients going to join my Tuesday 10:30am group.
Dr Jameson: Next number
Dr Jameson: Discussed potential side effects.
Dr Jameson: Risk of precipitated withdraw mechanism of action.
Dr Jameson: overall philosophy of our program and specifically regarding tapering
Dr Jameson: Period. In this case, I think this is not a long enough treatment period to
Dr Jameson: Successfully
Dr Jameson: Address underlying
Dr Jameson: Mindset coping skills and other factors.
Dr Jameson: Known to be important for long term recovery and patient seems agreeable to
Dr Jameson: Postpone any further plans for taper for the foreseeable future, for the time being.
Dr Jameson: I did congratulate him on his
Dr Jameson: efforts at smoking cessation, as well as discontinuing where I want to use just the other day.
Dr Jameson: Hopefully this this
Dr Jameson: The determination, he has shown to do this will serve him well.
Dr Jameson: In general, period.
Dr Jameson: I did not address the smoking cessation, per se, today, but this is something else, we will
Dr Jameson: Address once we get his Suboxone dose stabilized.
Dr Jameson: I did send a prescription for an AR can to have for safety reasons.
Dr Jameson: In the household household for safety reasons.
Dr Jameson: Discussed the
Dr Jameson: Risk of return to use no risk of death and overdose, they don't
Dr Jameson: They overdose.
Dr Jameson: I guess I'm at the top somewhere we should we should note that this this visit was
Dr Jameson: Accomplished
Dr Jameson: Largely in the, in the presence of the patient's mother.
Dr Jameson: And that more than 50% of the visit was spent counseling.
Dr Jameson: Already details regarding
Dr Jameson: The details of the subject of that.
Dr Jameson: For that I saw Dina circus ova
Dr Jameson: She really wanted to talk about her current legal situation she has another hearing at some point coming up and another letter was formulated that they need to have addressed with another note from from me.
Dr Jameson: She
Dr Jameson: Is still working on getting custody of her son back from her ex husband.
Dr Jameson: Period. She had some questions about heat intolerance hot flashes and
Dr Jameson: Thirst that she's noticed recently she wasn't sure if that was really to lead to data or to hormonal imbalances, etc.
Dr Jameson: Mental Status physical normal or, you know,
Dr Jameson: Substance use disorder marijuana dash in remission and, number one. Number two, bipolar disorder. Let's
Dr Jameson: Continue counseling. Let's Judah and groups I, as well as periodic drug screens period her attorney is recommending we increase every two weeks. So we will
Dr Jameson: Look into what the
Dr Jameson: Feasibility of that is as we are, our program typically does
Dr Jameson: Monthly drug screens for protocol period. That being said, I'm not in any way opposed to doing the more frequently period.
Dr Jameson: And then I wish your patient. I'm not aware of any side effects to look to de related to he intolerance and did a search on up to date, which
Dr Jameson: Did not know any of those either
Dr Jameson: She'll skip group this week since she normally meets Tuesday evenings and we avoid multiple visits on the same day for, I guess, insurance protocol policy reasons.
Dr Jameson: That's the end for her.